README.md, before:

# What In The World

## Table Of Contents
+ [Overview](#overview)
+ [Examples](#examples)
+ [Setup instructions](#setup-instructions)
+ [Learning Goals](#learning-goals)
+ [Future features](#future-features)
+ [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
+ [Tools used](#tools-used)
+ [View Deployed Page](#view-deployed-page)
+ [Contributors](#contributors)
+ [Reflections & Wins](#reflections-and-wins)

## Overview
What in the world?!
With such a vast world out there, don't we all have a little more to learn?
What in the World is an application designed to help users of all ages learn more about different countries in the world! 
It is an interactive application that allows users to the world's countries explore from anywhere. 

## Setup Instructions
  + Run `git clone https://github.com/MTCawthray/What-in-the-world.git` into your local machine.
  + Run `npm install` 
  + Run `npm start` to open page in the browser
  + Run `npm run cypress` to test Cypress
  
## Examples

[image goes here]()

[gif goes here]()

### Using The App
 + When loading the page, a user is able to view a world map and select which country they would like to learn about. 
 + They are taken to a randomized question and asked to input and submit a guess. 
 + They are then taken to a view that lists if their answer is correct or incorrect and some other fun facts about that particular country.
 + They're able to return to the home page by clicking the `What in the World` text or `Take me home` button and select another country to continue learning!

## Learning goals
  + Learning and implementing unfamiliar technology, outside of our [Turing School of Software and Design](turing.edu) curriculum.
    <br>
    + Elected to learn TypeScript in this project.
    + Self teach and utilize React-Hooks.
    + Generated and executed project Minimum Viable Product, design and functionality requirements for entire application.
    <br>
  + Effectively perform End-To-End Testing by utilizing Cypress.
  + Continue familiarizing ourselves building responsive web apps utilizing React framework.

## Future features
  + Add more questions to make application more robust
  + Filtering Countries by region or first letter
  + Add interactive Map for UI to be more engaging with UX
  + Add dynamic animation to change background images 
  + Add score keeping functionality

## Technologies used
  + React 
  + React Hooks 
  + React Router
  + TypeScript 
  + Cypress
  + HTML
  + CSS
  
## Tools used
  + Zoom communications
  + GitHub 
  + Notion 
  + Miro 
  + Slack 
  + Heroku

## Contributors
  + [Mark Cawthray](https://github.com/MTCawthray)
  + [Farangiz Akhatova](https://github.com/Fakhatova)
  + [Mae Duphorne](https://github.com/maeduphorne)
  
## Reflections And Wins
  +

  [Return to top](#what-in-the-world)

Commit message:

Add project wins and reflection in Read.me

README.md, after:

# What In The World

## Table Of Contents
+ [Overview](#overview)
+ [Examples](#examples)
+ [Setup instructions](#setup-instructions)
+ [Learning Goals](#learning-goals)
+ [Future features](#future-features)
+ [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
+ [Tools used](#tools-used)
+ [View Deployed Page](#view-deployed-page)
+ [Contributors](#contributors)
+ [Reflections & Wins](#reflections-and-wins)

## Overview
What in the world?!
With such a vast world out there, don't we all have a little more to learn?
What in the World is an application designed to help users of all ages learn more about different countries in the world! 
It is an interactive application that allows users to explore the world's countries from anywhere. 

## Setup Instructions
  + Run `git clone https://github.com/MTCawthray/What-in-the-world.git` into your local machine.
  + Run `npm install` 
  + Run `npm start` to open page in the browser
  + Run `npm run cypress` to test Cypress
  
## Examples

[image goes here]()

[gif goes here]()

### Using The App
 + When loading the page, a user is able to view a world map and select which country they would like to learn about. 
 + They are taken to a randomized question and asked to input and submit a guess. 
 + They are then taken to a view that lists if their answer is correct or incorrect and some other fun facts about that particular country.
 + They're able to return to the home page by clicking the `What in the World` text or `Take me home` button and select another country to continue learning!

## Learning goals
  + Learning and implementing unfamiliar technology, outside of our [Turing School of Software and Design](turing.edu) curriculum.
    <br>
    + Elected to learn TypeScript in this project.
    + Self teach and utilize React-Hooks.
    + Generated and executed project Minimum Viable Product, design and functionality requirements for entire application.
    <br>
  + Effectively perform End-To-End Testing by utilizing Cypress.
  + Continue familiarizing ourselves building responsive web apps utilizing React framework.

## Future features
  + Add more questions to make application more robust
  + Filtering Countries by region or first letter
  + Add interactive Map for UI to be more engaging with UX
  + Add dynamic animation to change background images 
  + Add score keeping functionality

## Technologies used
  + React 
  + React Hooks 
  + React Router
  + TypeScript 
  + Cypress
  + HTML
  + CSS
  
## Tools used
  + Zoom communications
  + GitHub 
  + Notion 
  + Miro 
  + Slack 
  + Heroku

## Contributors
  + [Mark Cawthray](https://github.com/MTCawthray)
  + [Farangiz Akhatova](https://github.com/Fakhatova)
  + [Mae Duphorne](https://github.com/maeduphorne)
  
## Reflections And Wins

  + This was our first time using Typescript in any of our projects. The learning curve was steep, which was challenging for the one week time-frame we were working with. We all took the time in the first few days to teach ourselves this technology and familiarize ourselves with the documentation. After the initial adjustment period, we were able to create an efficient workflow to finish the application in a manor we were proud of!

  + We took our stretch project a step further in taking on the extra step to self-teach React Hooks. This allowed us to better utilize materials available on TypeScript and to modernize the way we are writing code in React.

  + We used creative problem solving to reach for a previously taught concept of local storage. We decided to take this path instead of fetching single countries in order to avoid numerous fetch calls. In doing so, we we’re attempting to keep an eye on best business practices.

  [Return to top](#what-in-the-world)
